Once you complete the prior screen prompts,
you will be asked for the budget object code
or BOC number.
It is very important to input
the correct information for this.
In this example, we will use the BOC number 2632.
Next, input the quantity to be ordered.
If there are more items, you will continue to input them
as in the example above.
If the item does not have an IMF number,
you will enter pass to that question
and then say yes to edit the description.
It is always best to enter this information in detail,
and as this is an open text field,
there should be ample room to do so.
For the above example, we enter minimal data
so that you can see what can go into the description.